---
title: PicImageSearch Help Documentation
date: 2021-03-20
permalink: /wiki/picimagesearch/
article: false
comment: true
---

# PicImageSearch

::: note Important Notice
It is strongly recommended to use asynchronous development.  
The synchronous method is based on the [synchronous version](https://github.com/kitUIN/PicImageSearch/blob/main/PicImageSearch/sync.py) derived from telethon/syncnc, which has certain performance losses and is not recommended for use in production environments.
:::

## Project Introduction

PicImageSearch is a powerful Python image search library that integrates multiple mainstream reverse image search engines, providing developers with a unified and concise API interface, making the development of image search functions more convenient.

## Project History

### Project Origin

This project initially originated from my need to develop an image search function on the [OPQ](https://github.com/opq-osc/OPQ) QQ robot platform.  
At that time, I found that the image search service APIs on the market were relatively scattered and implemented in different ways, which brought many inconveniences to development.  
To solve this problem, I developed PicImageSearch, which integrates multiple excellent image search engines into a unified interface, greatly simplifying the development process.

### Project Development

During the development of the project, [Neko Aria](https://github.com/NekoAria) joined the development team after being introduced to the [NoneBot2](https://github.com/nonebot/nonebot2) platform.  
He comprehensively refactored the code, introducing more modern design concepts, significantly improving the maintainability and scalability of the project.  
Currently, the project is mainly maintained by Neko Aria, continuously providing the community with better image search solutions.
